Hello! I'm Nanami Mami, nineteen years old,
and I'm a college student living
with my family in Tokyo.
Kazu-kun and I dated for about a month.
Let's break up, okay?
What?
Soon after we broke up, though,
he showed up at the pub with a really
pretty new girlfriend in tow.
We were all having a good time until
she suddenly started yelling at me.
I wrote it off as her having
a few screws loose,
Mizuhara Chizuru
A pure and refined
high-class girlfriend\h\h
but it turned out that she was
actually a rental girlfriend.
After a year of this, I tried to tell them
it was high time they dropped the act,
but it didn't go over so well.
Well, a lot happened,
but as his ex, I think I'll wait a little
longer and see what happens with them.
Hi, hi!
I'm Sarashina Ruka, Kazuya-kun's girlfriend!
I was actually a rental girlfriend, too,
but seeing how seriously Kazuya-kun
took these pretend relationships,
I started getting the hots for him.
While I do cross the line sometimes
and Chizuru-san may be a formidable rival,
I'm the one who's Kazuya-kun's girlfriend.
No matter what, I promise I'll
make him fall for me for sure!
Ah! Er...
I'm S-Sakurasawa Sumi.
I started working as a rental
girlfriend to change myself
and learn how to talk to people better.
I met Kazuya-kun when Chizuru-san
asked him to be my practice partner.
Rare Footage of Sumi-chan Giving Things a Shot
Whiff
Pwoink
Sway
Rare Footage of Sumi-chan Giving Things a Shot
Slam
He was so nice to me that I relied on him a lot.
S
q
u
e
z
But thanks to him,
I'm starting to change a little... I think.
I'm Mizuhara Chizuru.
Oh, but that's my rental
girlfriend pseudonym.
My real name's Ichinose Chizuru.
I was just doing my job as a
rental girlfriend as always,
but things happened, and I ended up being
introduced to his family as his girlfriend.
And would you believe it, we go to the
same college and are next-door neighbors!
After that, I ended up running
into his ex at a pub,
fell off a ferry and into the sea,
nearly had everything exposed by Ruka-chan...
And just when I'd decided to
quit the rental girlfriend gig,
Mami-san, his ex, found out about our act.
You're the one I want!
It's gotta be you!
What the heck... was that all about?
Dumbass.
Rent-a-Girlfriend
"Dream and Girlfriend"
Urgh! The countdown to
ruin has already begun!
What is wrong with you, man?
Once Mizuhara quits the
rental girlfriend gig,
she won't pretend to be
my girlfriend anymore.
We'll tell our grandmas that we
broke up, and go our separate ways...
I'm sure that's what
Mizuhara has in mind, too.
She went above and beyond
her job as a rental girlfriend.
I gotta stop being a burden on her.
I'm gonna tell Gran right now!
U
u
.
I can't do it!
Well, I can decide how to tell her
after Mizuhara quits. There's still time.
Come to think of it,
when is Mizuhara's play, anyway?
Café Kanoir
A scout?
A famous director will be there,
looking for an actor to join his cast.
Damn, she pretty!
Damn,
she pretty!
Tokyo girls
be somethin' else!
Tokyo girls be somethin' else!
Huh...
If I catch his eye,
I could land my next role.
Given how pretty she is,
the moment she takes the stage,
she'll be in high demand everywhere.
I guess this is how it feels
to have a time bomb ticking down on you...
Tokyo Theater
Tokyo Theater Untouchable
Map
Listen, I'm just here as moral support!
The Heron Princess
"The Heroine Princess"...
This play will decide everything
for Mizuhara and me.
I gotta watch it!
Hell, I wanna watch it!
Actual
Motive
I mean, duh!
Mizuhara's gonna be singing
and dancing and stuff!
And it's just 3,000 yen for
two hours of entertainment!
I went and made things awkward last time...
But as long as she doesn't
spot me, it's no problem.
Welcome! Please, have this
pamphlet for The Heron Princess.
Oh... So that's how the title's read.
Ichinose Chizuru
A member of Troupe Lucky Cat
Freesia Productions
Found Mizuhara!
She's not using a stage name, huh?
What's her role like?
She doesn't seem to be the lead...
Chief! There's some weirdo here!
You can buy photographs of the cast here!
She's been going to college
and working as a rental girlfriend,
and still made time to work on her acting...
I work that job because acting school
costs money, and it serves as good practice.
She's really giving it her all.
Here's my seat.
Surely she won't spot me here.
Wow, it's pretty packed.
She's gonna be performing in
front of all these people...
Even I'm starting to get nervous.
Timid
This way, sir.
Thank you.
A famous director will be there,
looking for an actor to join his cast.
I'm such a moron.
I might've come here just to see everything
between Mizuhara and me fall apart.
Ah.
Your Highness! You really
must stop being so selfish!
What exactly is the problem?
I simply wish to see the bird that
has become the talk of the town.
That is all!
Whoa! For a second,
I thought that was Mizuhara!
So that's the princess.
Guards! Come here!
Stop Her Highness!
Where do you men keep popping out of?
I wonder when Mizuhara will show up.
What is this ruckus?
Your Highness the Shogun!
You dare attempt to surround
and capture my princess?
This is an outrage.
Wha! That's...
Umi-kun! He's in this play, too?!
Ah, my Shogun! I wish to
accompany you on your hunt!
I guess I should've known.
She did say they both went
to the same acting school.
Oh, is that so?
However, a hunt is fraught with perils.
Nene! Nene!
Sire.
You called for me, Your Highness?
Tomoko wishes to accompany
me on my heron hunt.
I ask you to guard her.
Wh-What? The princess, go on a hunt?
She's here!
Sh...
You mustn't ask such an unruly woman!
She's here!
Oh, please! You can count on me!
I'll keep Tomoko-sama safe,
if it's the last thing I do!
Quiet, you insolent fool!
H-Holy...
I mean, I get that she's acting,
but she's nothing like her usual self.
Rest assured, Your Highness!
It's embarrassing just watching her!
My top-notch shuriken skills will protect you!
Really? How reassuring.
I can't focus on the story at all!
Hm? Isn't this a steamed fish cake?
Oh, sorry, I was just sneaking
a snack back at the kitchen.
Huh? That worked?
Why do you have this?!
They're emergency rations, of course!
Your jokes are landing, Mizuhara!
With this, I'll be fine even if the
enemy uses scorched-earth tactics.
What makes you think you'll encounter
scorched-earth tactics on a hunt?!
You are such a moron!
Rude!
What part of me is a moron?
Even the way you move is moronic!
That girl's so funny.
But these cakes are so good...
Quit stuffing your face!
I can't believe she can just become a
different person in front of this huge crowd.
What are you doing?
That's Her Highness's steed!
Huh? Where's mine, then?
You're a ninja! Walk!
What? But that's such a drag.
Some ninja you are!
Hand over the princess!
Have a taste of my shuriken attacks!
What is this? Aren't these steamed fish cakes?
Run, Your Highness!
I'm out of fish cake shurikens!
It's okay! I wasn't expecting
anything from that, anyway!
What? But it's my ultimate technique!
Mizuhara's amazing.
Off with your head!
Oh, it's staying right on!
She's clearly standing out.
Is it because the script's good?
Nah, that's not it.
She's catching the audience's eye with her
movements, timing, expressions, and everything!
The audience is waiting with bated
breath for her every move...
You deceived me?!
I-I didn't do a damned thing!
Tomoko! I'm here to save you!
Milord!
They're laughing... and being surprised...
Confound it! We retreat for now!
She's got such presence.
She's always on your mind.
I am so glad you are all right.
Oh, Yoshiharu-sama!
How I missed you!
Even when the Shogun or
the princess is talking...
Everyone's got their eyes fixed...
on Mizuhara.
She's incredible!
Stay with me, Nene!
Be careful, Your Highness.
The enemy might yet be out there...
I shall suck out the poison now!
I gave my word...
I'll keep Tomoko-sama safe,
if it's the last thing I do...
Nene! Nene!
No! Stay with me!
Nene!
The play ended within thirty
minutes of Nene's death.
Mizuhara put on a real show
right until the very end.
It could almost make one
believe she was the star.
It was clear to everybody there
who the MVP was that day.
Thank you for coming to watch the play today.
Please take care on your way home.
You were amazing, Chizuru-chan!
Simply the best!
The audience loved you, and you
were Nene through and through!
I laughed so hard, my sides hurt.
Thank you.
You've improved so much in just a year.
Have you been training
in secret or something?
Uh...
Let's just say I'm always putting
on an act on a daily basis...
Oh, you mean like method acting?
Uh, well, I guess.
I bet you landed that other role.
Oh, I don't know.
You're coming to the wrap
party, right? See you later.
Bye!
Goodbye.
Play Goal: No regrets
You can't leave an
impression if you don't
get the basics right.
1) Fear is your greatest enemy
2) Use the whole stage
3) Always keep your eyeline up
Keep your feet on the ground,
eyes on the skies,
and shooting stars...
Jeez! Togakushi-sensei,
you're acting like some grandpa!
Listen to yourself. I am a geezer.
Looks like a done deal.
Apparently, she's known him
since she was in grade school,
thanks to being a sponsor's
niece or something.
Nobody else even had a chance!
That's so unfair.
Edo-Era Ninjas
Rent-a-Girlfriend
Today's
Thank you all so much.
You made this play a great success.
Huh? Aren't you coming to the
wrap party, Chizuru-chan?
Oh, sorry. I'll call you.
My agency says it'll lead to more
roles down the line if I deliver.
And if I can make enough money as an
actress, I can devote all my time to it.
Oh, man.
I still feel the afterglow,
even as the caffeine flows...
Indulging in a cup of coffee at a
fancy café after watching a play?
Such a classy moment in time!
That's that, I bet.
Mizuhara will quit the rental girlfriend gig.
But it actually doesn't bother me.
She deserves it.
Her acting was just that good.
She was, like, dazzling...
The star of the show...
Oh, I'm sorry.
The Heron Princess
Huh?
Wh... Wha...
Huh?!
Busted!
What are you doing here?!
I, uh...
And why do you have that playbill?
Silent
Acceptance
What's going on? A fight?
Trying to sweep it
under the rug
This is unacceptable. Have some control.
Sorry. I just had to come watch.
Well, I can't stop you from
buying a ticket and watching.
But I've told very few people
that I'm pursuing acting.
And considering my other clients,
you really shouldn't be...
But... it was great!
You were great!
I-I was so impressed by your...
acting? Performance?
And the audience loved it, too!
I don't really know how to say it, but, uh...
I thought you were incredible!
Huh? What would you know about acting?
N-Nothing?
Thanks.
Oh, uh, no need to thank me.
With this, you'll be free of me and can
focus on your acting career, right?
What are you talking about?
I mean, you'll be quitting the
rental girlfriend gig, right?
You said you would if this play went well
and you caught the director's eye...
Oh, that?
It didn't work out.
What?!
A different actress got the role.
But why?
Because I don't have the talent.
It is what it is.
Competition is fierce in showbiz.
It doesn't matter how hard you work.
If you're not first, you're last.
And Shiori-chan's super pretty, after all.
I'll just have to take this on the chin.
Oh, but I might get another chance,
I can't believe myself.
so I'll try harder next time.
There's a part of me that's
actually relieved to hear it.
But now I can't quit the rental
girlfriend job for a while.
I'll need to keep working hard.
I can sense she's bottling it all up inside.
I was actually staggering a little during
the fight scene. I should work on my core.
Deep down, she must be so upset,
Maybe I didn't work out
as hard as I should have.
but she's trying to come to terms with it.
Compared to her, I'm such a...
I guess I was the same as you.
I kept telling you to be a man
and learn when to give up,
but I didn't know when to give up, either.
I take the money I get from
playing the dreamy girlfriend,
and spend it on my own dream.
A dream that will never come
true with my lack of talent.
There are plenty of nineteen-year-old
actresses stealing the show out there.
And pursuing dreams comes at a price, so...
Like hell!
Like hell you and I are the same!
I'll rent you next week!
Rent-a-Girlfriend
And then I'll rent you the week after that,
and the week after that!
What? Do you have any idea
how much that'll cost?
I don't care!
I'll get a job to do it!
And then the week after that,
and the week after that one...
I'll work my ass off to pay for you!
C-Come on, quit being ridiculous.
When you stop being stupid!
You've been working so hard every day!
You live in that rundown apartment
to go to acting school.
You work as a rental girlfriend
to pay your bills.
How much more realistic could you even be?!
And did you forget how you play the role of
the perfect girlfriend before me and Gran?!
There's no way you don't have the talent!
You were great today, too.
You were the best actor on the stage!
I can't help you with anything else,
but I can rent you and pay for you.
If that'll help you keep dreaming, I'll work!
I'll work as much as it takes!
So don't tell me you're gonna give up!
Hey, are those two fighting?
Guy's going on about how
"he'll work" or something.
Yikes. I lost control of myself.
Quit promising the impossible.
Why would I need your
help that badly, anyway?
You really need to take a long,
hard look at reality.
...don't tell me you're gonna give up!
Hello?
Sorry, my grandma wanted to see me.
Shiori-chan wants to talk to me?
I'll put her on.
Hello? Thanks, Chi-chan!
I owe it all to you!
You warmed the crowd up and made
it so easy for me to perform!
Sure. I had lots of fun, too.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's do this again sometime.
Thanks for taking the time to talk to me.
Yeah, later.
Play Goal: No regrets
You can't leave an
impression if you don't
get the basics right.
1) Fear is your greatest enemy
2) Use the whole stage
3) Always keep your eyeline up
Keep your feet on the ground,
eyes on the skies,
and shooting stars...
Play Goal: No regrets
Remember, you're a ninja,
there to help Tomoko.
Look at Shiori-chan
"Quit stuffing your face!"
Don't get in Shiori-chan's way
"Huh?
Where's mine, then?"
Be loud and clear!
Don't get distracted by
the others' movements
Rental Girlfriend Diamond
You've received a date request.
Please check your schedule and
let us know if you're available.
Just Now
Customer User Name
Aquarium Lad
You've received a date request.
Please check your schedule and
let us know if you're available.
And did you forget how you play the role of
the perfect girlfriend before me and Gran?!
Rental Girlfriend Diamond
You've received a date request.
Please check your schedule and
let us know if you're available.
There's no way you don't have the talent!
If that'll help you keep dreaming, I'll work!
So don't tell me you're gonna give up!
Customer User Name
Aquarium Lad
You dumbass...
Rent-a-Girlfriend
That's too many bookings.
Season 2 has finally started airing.
And you stole the show right
off the bat, Mizuhara.
The Heroine Princess was awesome!
Heron!
Your character was... Meme?
Nene!
You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
We haven't done the preview together in
ages, so I'm starving for your sharp jabs.
Excuse me?
Come on, don't hold back!
Give it to me harder!
Quit being gross!
Anyway, next time on Rent-a-Girlfriend:
"The Usual...
...Girlfriend."
"The Usual Girlfriend"
Looking forward to doing all
the previews with you.
I'll have to think about that one.